`Stow` is a "symlink farm manager". In layman's terms, that means Stow creates
symbolic links in the file system that matches the Stow structure. Confusing,
but futher examples make it easier to understand for the layman (such as 
myself). 

When `stow` is invoked, it will take the contents of the packages in the `stow`
directory and create symbolic links through the file system. This is to be used
to make keeping all of my dotfiles in one place. I can update them and have the
effects cascade, then create a github repository to safely store them. Good
programmers are lazy :)

There is a package directory and an installation image. The package directory
will exist in the `stow` root directory (NOT system root, for clarification).
The package directory will be named something, but the subtrees of the package
must be structured in the way they will appear when `stow/<package>` is removed
from the path.

For instance, for '/usr/local/stow/perl` for the Perl package directory (ew),
the installation image would look like `/usr/local/stow/perl/bin/perl`. 
`.../bin/perl` is the Perl executable, and when `stow` is executed, the 
symbolic link will be placed in `/usr/local/bin/perl`, pointing to the 
installation image in the package directory.

~/stow/config/.config/nvim/init.lua
                     /<other_prog>/init.ini
                     /<other_prog_2>/init.ini
~/.config/nvim/init.lua
         /<other_prog>/init.ini
	 /<other_prog_2>/init.ini

When setting this up, all files with a period prefix should have the period 
replaced with the `dot-` prefix. For instance, `.config` should be `dot-config`
and the `stow` command should use the option `--dotfiles`.

`-n` and `-v`, which prevents system modification and displays verbose 
messages, can be used to display what would happen when `stow` is executed.
This should be made into a script that is ignored during `stow` invocation.

When running `stow`, there should be a main folder. Inside this folder are 
several other folders, each one a package. In the package should be another
series of folders (or none, if in the home directory) that will indicate where
the symbolic link will be placed. Subdirectories will be made on demand.

~/linux_config/nvim/.config/nvim/init.lua
user@dev:~/stow > stow --dotfile --verbose nvim
The main and package directory will be dropped, making a symbolic link in the
~/.config/nvim/ folder.
